Fabric website: add documentation entry points. (#9477)
OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react: apps/fabric-website/src/pages/Overviews/ResourcesPage/docs/default/ResourcesDeveloperResources.md

  <li class="mdut--full">[Fabric React tutorial](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react/wiki/Getting-Started-with-UI-Fabric)</li>
</ul>

### Documentation

> In addition to the API documentation and control examples found in the [Controls section](#/controls/web) of this website, you can find a full collection of API references on the docs.microsoft.com portal.

Reviewer: Should we consider hyperlinking to the portal also?

Author: I consider that not... don't wanna confuse people with extra links that go to a general place from where they don't have a clear entry point to our Fabric documentation.

Reviewer 2: @KevinTCoughlin do you mean adding a link to the Fabric docs to `docs.microsoft.com`? I was wondering that too, but then it's linked right below, so was thinking it might be duplicative.

  <li class="mdut--full">[Fabric React tutorial](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react/wiki/Getting-Started-with-UI-Fabric)</li>
</ul>

### Documentation

> Find detailed documentation of the API along with examples of each control on the Fabric website or a full collection of the API references on the docs.microsoft.com portal.

Reviewer 3: Since this page is primarily for links to external resources, I think something like the following would be better (then remove the "Fabric website controls page" link from the list below):
```suggestion
In addition to the API documentation and control examples found in the [Controls section](#/controls/web) of this website, you can find a full collection of API references on the docs.microsoft.com portal.
```

Reviewer 3: I'm also not sure that "a full collection of API references" is quite the right wording--possibly "a full API reference" or "full API references" would be better.
